Add BNNR integration guide (#24644)
ultralytics/ultralytics: docs/en/integrations/bnnr.md

BNNR is not vendored inside the Ultralytics package. Install it from PyPI or from the [BNNR repository](https://github.com/bnnr-team/bnnr).

## Quickstart

The runnable COCO128 example (data loaders, augmentations, `BNNRTrainer`, and `report.json`) is in the BNNR repository:

[ultralytics_yolo_quickstart.py](https://github.com/bnnr-team/bnnr/blob/v0.4.10/examples/integrations/ultralytics_yolo_quickstart.py)

```bash
git clone https://github.com/bnnr-team/bnnr.git
cd bnnr
pip install "bnnr[ultralytics]==0.4.10"
PYTHONPATH=src:examples/integrations python examples/integrations/ultralytics_yolo_quickstart.py --quick --device cpu
```

The training loop requires COCO128 loaders from the quickstart script. To verify the adapter loads a YOLO model:

```python
from bnnr.detection_adapter import UltralyticsDetectionAdapter

adapter = UltralyticsDetectionAdapter(
    model_name="yolov8n.pt",
    device="cpu",
    num_classes=80,
)
```

## Dataset and image format

Detection datasets for BNNR must provide:

- **Images**: `torch.Tensor` `(C, H, W)` in **[0, 1]** float (do not pass 0-255 float tensors to YOLO through the adapter).

> - **Targets**: Ultralytics-style dicts with `boxes` and `labels`.

Reviewer: 💡 **MEDIUM**: Describing `boxes`/`labels` as "Ultralytics-style" is misleading. Ultralytics detection batches use keys like `bboxes`, `cls`, and `batch_idx`, so readers may construct the wrong target format for the adapter if they follow this literally. Please either call this adapter-specific input or document the mapping explicitly.

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
- **Targets**: Adapter-specific dicts with `boxes` and `labels` (these are not the same keys Ultralytics uses internally).
```
